Add CONTRIBUTING.md and DEVELOPING.md files (#5797)
camptocamp/c2cgeoportal: DEVELOPING.md

# Developing

> To develop in the admin interface read the relater [README]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To develop in the admin interface read the [README]
```

> To develop in the admin interface read the relater [README]

Reviewer 2: relater -> related

(https://github.com/camptocamp/c2cgeoportal/blob/master/admin/README.md).

To develop in the geoportal part you should [create a new application]
(https://camptocamp.github.io/c2cgeoportal/master/integrator/create_application.html),

> Then have a loog on the [application debuging]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then have a look on the [application debugging]
```

> Then have a loog on the [application debuging]

Reviewer 2: loog on the -> look at the

debuging -> debugging

> Then have a loog on the [application debugging]

Reviewer 2: loog -> look
